# CS-250: Sprint Review and Retrospective
The purpose of this readme is to provide further detail on the Sprint Review and Retrospective conducted as the final project of this course.

## How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating "user stories" help with this?
Interpreting user needs begins as a conversation with the user or client, where they can express in common and understandable terms the goals they are trying to achieve. Filling the Product Owner role of a Scrum Team, one next breaks down the user's goals into separate and distinct features, all of which contribute to the end goal of creating a functional program. In creating "user stories", the Product Owner begins breaking down these individual features by associating a user's end goal with a function within the program, such as in the form of a "I want to ____ so that I can achieve ____" statement. In effect, this translates what the user wants to achieve into something tangible. Additionally, the Product Owner assembles these user stories into a functional Product Backlog by assigning priority and expected workload to each feature, effectively creating a "task list" for the development team to approach in the most effective way possible.

## How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
My approach to development is similar to that detailed in the Agile-scrum methodology. Before typing a single line of code, it is most important to understand what the goal trying to be achieved is. After this, an appropriate place to begin may be developing a flowchart or pseudocode, similar to the idea of a product backlog; this helps clearly define the various features that all come together in creating a cohesive final product. One of the main agile processes I hope to incorporate in my own work is more of a focus on incremental and iterative development. In the past, I have had a tendency to focus on "marathon coding", where I try to get as much done as possible in as short a period of time. While there is certainly a time and place for this method in software development, I have found that it often ends up resulting in fatigue, and more mistakes and messy code as a result of that fatigue. By focusing more on shorter "sprint" style development sessions, I can devote the appropriate amount of time to the code I am working on in the moment and focus on producing a functional product by the end of each sprint. Additionally, I expect that this will help in making my work more feature-rich and maintainable in the long-run. Rather than calling a project "done" after it compiles and passes tests, I can begin treating them as long-term projects that grow more functional and polished over time.

## What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
A major aspect of being a good team member when it comes to software development is understanding that everyone has a part in contributing to the success of the overall project. Not only is it important to pull your own weight and put in your best effort, but overstepping boundaries and being overly ambitious can have a negative impact as well. As an example, if I decide I am good enough to make a program far more complex than is expected, this has an impact beyond just myself as the developer- it affects the tester that has to ensure functionality, it can affect other developers that could use assistance, and above all, it may go beyond the expectations of what the client desires out of a project. Keeping in mind the scope of a project can be just as important as facilitating communication amongst the team.
